Add CloudNatix integration. (#1877)
DataDog/integrations-extras: cloudnatix/README.md

# Agent Check: CloudNatix

## Overview

> This check provides the data from [CloudNatix][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check provides data from [CloudNatix][1].
```

CloudNatix connects to multiple VM & K8s Clusters, enabling automated capacity, cost & operation optimization using patent-pending Autopilot technology. CloudNatix Insights also gives DevOps teams proactive visibility into potential capacity and availability issues, turbocharging productivity.

> The CloudNatix integration provides cost and operational optimization insights to DataDog with an out-of-the-box dashboard, allowing you to quickly view cluster cost and analyze opportunities to reduce cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudNatix integration provides cost and operational optimization insights to Datadog with an out-of-the-box dashboard, allowing you to quickly view cluster cost and analyze opportunities to reduce cost.
```

Reviewer: Looks like this is still capitalized here

Reviewer 2: updated.

## Setup

### Installation

To install the CloudNatix check on your cluster:

1. Build a new Docker image of Datadog agent that has the CloudNatix integration check installed.
      * Please see [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/use-community-integrations/?tab=docker) for details.
2. [Install the Datadog Agent][3] into your Kubernetes cluster with the built Docker image.
3. [Install CloudNatix][2] into your Kubernetes cluster. CloudNatix clusteragent will
   automatically configure itself to work with the Datadog integration.

### Validation

> Once set up, you will see metrics with the prefix <> appear in the [Datadog Metrics Explorer](https://app.datadoghq.com/metric/explorer). 

Reviewer: @kenji-cloudnatix Please add the correct metric prefix above

Reviewer 2: Updated the prefix.

# Agent Check: CloudNatix

## Overview

> This check provides the data from [CloudNatix][1].

Reviewer 3: The overview section should include: 

1. What does Cloudnatix do in 1-2 sentences? 
2. What will customers get from this integration? 
3. What types of data is sent in and what is the value of the data sent in?

Author: Done

## Setup

### Installation

To install the CloudNatix check on your cluster:

1. [Install CloudNatix](https://docs.cloudnatix.com/docs/tutorial) into your cluster.

2. [Download the Datadog Agent][2].

> 

Reviewer 3: This should include a step by step on how to install the integration

Author: This is exactly the everything what the user needs. 

Installing CloudNatix means adding our agent into the kubernetes cluster, which has the auto-discovery properties of the integration.  Then install the Datadog agent to the same kubernetes cluster.  It will detect the auto-discovery, and then start sending the reports.  There's no step 3.

What else should I add?

### Configuration

There is no configuration at this time.

### Validation

Once set up, you will see several metrics.  Check the dashboard page
and some graph appears.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

- cloudnatix.compute.daily_spend: the total spend of the cluster recognized by CloudNatix.
- cloudnatix.workload.monthly_spend: the monthly spend of a workload estimated by by CloudNatix.
- cloudnatix.workload.monthly_projected_saving: the monthly saving of a workload
  when autopilot, estimated by CloudNatix.
- cloudnatix.workload.resource: the kubernetes resource requests or limits of a workload.
- cloudnatix.vpa.recommendation: the resource requests for a workload recommended by VPA.
- cloudnatix.vpa: the status of VPA for a workload, e.g. in autopilot mode or not.

> - cloudnatix.pod_eviction_by_vpa: the total number of pods evicted by VPA.

Reviewer 3: You can link to the metadata.csv here for a list of metrics

Author: How can I link it?  Is it okay to be a relative path like `[see here](./metadata.csv)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [metadata.csv][5] for a list of metrics provided by this check.
```

### Service Checks

CloudNatix does not include any service checks.

### Events

CloudNatix does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact support@cloudnatix.com.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Cloudnatix support][4].
```

> [1]: https://cloudnatix.com/
> [2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent/kubernetes
> [3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[1]: https://cloudnatix.com/
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent/kubernetes
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[4]: support@cloudnatix.com
```

# Agent Check: CloudNatix

## Overview

This check provides the data from [CloudNatix][1].

CloudNatix connects to multiple VM & K8s Clusters, enabling automated capacity, cost & operation optimization using patent-pending Autopilot technology. CloudNatix Insights also gives DevOps teams proactive visibility into potential capacity and availability issues, turbocharging productivity.

> The CloudNatix integration provides cost and operational optimization insights to DataDog with an out-of-the-box dashboard to quickly overview how much the clusters cost and the opportunities to reduce the cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudNatix integration provides cost and operational optimization insights to DataDog with an out-of-the-box dashboard, allowing you to quickly view cluster cost and analyze opportunities to reduce cost.
```

## Setup

### Installation

To install the CloudNatix check on your cluster:

> 1. Build a new Docker image of Datadog agent with installing CloudNatix integration check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build a new Docker image of Datadog agent that has the CloudNatix integration check installed.
```

>    Please see [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/use-community-integrations/?tab=docker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Please see [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/use-community-integrations/?tab=docker) for details.
```
Fixing formatting

>    for the details of building that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

2. [Install the Datadog Agent][3] into your Kubernetes cluster with the built Docker image.
3. [Install CloudNatix][2] into your Kubernetes cluster. CloudNatix clusteragent will
   automatically configure itself to work with the Datadog integration.

### Validation

> Once set up, you will see several metrics.  Check the dashboard page

Reviewer: This section is usually used to provide a command that users can run to ensure that the integration is properly installed. Is there a relevant command to list here?

Reviewer 2: I've followed other integration and put the command.

> Once set up, you will see several metrics.  Check the dashboard page
> and some graph appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once set up, you will see metrics with the prefix <> appear in the [Datadog Metrics Explorer](https://app.datadoghq.com/metric/explorer). 
```

Reviewer: Please provide the metric prefix that your metrics will have

## Data Collected

### Metrics

- cloudnatix.compute.daily_spend: the total spend of the cluster recognized by CloudNatix.
- cloudnatix.workload.monthly_spend: the monthly spend of a workload estimated by by CloudNatix.
- cloudnatix.workload.monthly_projected_saving: the monthly saving of a workload
  when autopilot, estimated by CloudNatix.
- cloudnatix.workload.resource: the kubernetes resource requests or limits of a workload.
- cloudnatix.vpa.recommendation: the resource requests for a workload recommended by VPA.
- cloudnatix.vpa: the status of VPA for a workload, e.g. in autopilot mode or not.
- cloudnatix.pod_eviction_by_vpa: the total number of pods evicted by VPA.

### Service Checks

CloudNatix does not include any service checks.

### Events

CloudNatix does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Cloudnatix support][4].

[1]: https://cloudnatix.com/
[2]: https://docs.cloudnatix.com/docs/tutorial
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent/kubernetes

> [4]: support@cloudnatix.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[4]: support@cloudnatix.com
[5]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/cloudnatix/metadata.csv

```

# Agent Check: CloudNatix

## Overview

This check provides the data from [CloudNatix][1].

CloudNatix connects to multiple VM & K8s Clusters, enabling automated
capacity, cost & operation optimization using patent-pending Autopilot
technology. CloudNatix Insights also gives DevOps teams proactive visibility
into potential capacity and availability issues, turbocharging productivity.

The CloudNatix integration provides cost and operational optimization
insights to DataDog with an out-of-the-box dashboard to quickly overview
how much the clusters cost and the opportunities to reduce the cost.

## Setup

### Installation

To install the CloudNatix check on your cluster:

1. [Install CloudNatix][2] into your Kubernetes cluster.

> 2. [Install the Datadog Agent][3] into your Kubernetes cluster.

Author: Okay, I was misunderstanding how the agent check works -- fixed that.  In my understanding, for the Kubernetes environment users will have to build their own Datadog agent Docker image with installing related integrations, and then deploy the built image into Kubernetes?  Modified accordingly.

# Agent Check: CloudNatix

## Overview

This check provides the data from [CloudNatix][1].

CloudNatix connects to multiple VM & K8s Clusters, enabling automated
capacity, cost & operation optimization using patent-pending Autopilot
technology. CloudNatix Insights also gives DevOps teams proactive visibility into
potential capacity and availability issues, turbocharging productivity.

> The out-of-the-box integration provides CloudNatix cost and operational
> optimization insights to DataDog and allows showing the data within a
> dashboard.

Reviewer 3: Can you include why the cost and operational insights. are helpful (the value)? This should be clear to new users who don't know cloudnatix
```suggestion
The CloudNatix integration provides cost and operational optimization insights to DataDog with an out-of-the-box dashboard. 
```

## Setup

### Installation

To install the CloudNatix check on your cluster:

1. [Install CloudNatix](https://docs.cloudnatix.com/docs/tutorial) into your Kubernetes cluster.

2. [Install the Datadog Agent][2] into your Kubernetes cluster.

> ### Configuration
> 
> There is no configuration at this time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
